Add comprehensive BigQuery resource tags support documentation (#7754)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/resource-configs/bigquery-configs.md

Resource tags are key-value pairs that must follow BigQuery's tag format: `{google_cloud_project_id}/{key_name}: value`. Unlike labels, BigQuery tags are primarily designed for IAM access control using conditional policies, allowing organizations to:

- **Implement conditional access control**: Apply IAM policies conditionally based on BigQuery tags (for example, granting access only to tables tagged with `environment:production`).
- **Enforce data governance**: Use BigQuery tags with IAM policies to protect sensitive data.
- **Control access at scale**: Manage access patterns consistently across different projects and environments.

#### Prerequisites
- [Create tag keys and values](https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/tags#create_tag_keys_and_values) in advance before using them in dbt.
- Grant the [required IAM permissions](https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/tags#required_permissions) to apply tags to resources.

#### Configuring tags in a model file

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure tags in a model file, refer to the following example:
```

<File name='model.sql'>

```sql
{{
  config(
    materialized = "table",
    resource_tags = {
      "my-project-id/environment": "production",
      "my-project-id/data_classification": "sensitive",
      "my-project-id/access_level": "restricted"
    }
  )
}}

select * from {{ ref('another_model') }}
```

</File>

#### Configuring tags in `dbt_project.yml`

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure tags in a `dbt_project.yml` file, refer to the following example:
```

You can create a new label with no value or remove a value from an existing label key.

> A label with a key that has an empty value can also be [referred](https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/adding-labels#adding_a_label_without_a_value) to as a tag in BigQuery. However, this should not be confused with a [BigQuery tag](https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/tags), which conditionally applies IAM policies to BigQuery tables and datasets. Find out more in [labels and tags](https://cloud.google.com/resource-manager/docs/tags/tags-overview).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A label with a key that has an empty value can also be referred to as a [tag](https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/adding-labels#adding_a_label_without_a_value) in BigQuery. However, this is different from a [BigQuery tag](https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/tags), which conditionally applies IAM policies to BigQuery tables and datasets. For more information, see the [Tags documentation](https://cloud.google.com/resource-manager/docs/tags/tags-overview).
```

### Resource tags

> [BigQuery tags](https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/tags) enable conditional IAM access control for BigQuery tables and views. You can apply these BigQuery tags using the `resource_tags` configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[BigQuery tags](https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/tags) enable conditional IAM access control for BigQuery tables and views. You can apply these BigQuery tags using the `resource_tags` configuration. This section contains guidelines for using the `resource_tags` configuration parameter. 
```

Resource tags are key-value pairs that must follow BigQuery's tag format: `{google_cloud_project_id}/{key_name}: value`. Unlike labels, BigQuery tags are primarily designed for IAM access control using conditional policies, allowing organizations to:

> - **Implement conditional access control**: Apply IAM policies conditionally based on BigQuery tags (e.g., granting access only to tables tagged with `environment:production`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Implement conditional access control**: Apply IAM policies conditionally based on BigQuery tags (for example, granting access only to tables tagged with `environment:production`).
```

> - **Enforce data governance**: Use BigQuery tags with IAM policies to protect sensitive data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Enforce data governance**: Use BigQuery tags with IAM policies to protect sensitive data.
```

> - **Control access at scale**: Manage access patterns consistently across different projects and environments

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Control access at scale**: Manage access patterns consistently across different projects and environments.
```

> :::info Prerequisites

Reviewer: We try to use callouts sparingly so I suggest we add the Prerequisites as a subsection:
```suggestion
#### Prerequisites
```

> - Tag keys and values must be created in advance before they can be used in dbt

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create tag keys and values in advance before using them in dbt.
```
Also, we should link to instructions on how to create tag keys and values. Is this the correct reference to use: https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/tags#create_tag_keys_and_values?

Author: Added links as suggested in commit 7d296e9. Thank you!

> - Requires appropriate IAM permissions to apply tags to resources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Grant the required IAM permissions to apply tags to resources.
```
For this prerequisite, is this the correct reference: https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/tags#required_permissions?

Author: Added links as suggested in commit 7d296e9. Thank you!

> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> **Configuring tags in a model file**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Configuring tags in a model file
```

<File name='model.sql'>

```sql
{{
  config(
    materialized = "table",
    resource_tags = {
      "my-project-id/environment": "production",
      "my-project-id/data_classification": "sensitive",
      "my-project-id/access_level": "restricted"
    }
  )
}}

select * from {{ ref('another_model') }}
```

</File>

> **Configuring tags in dbt_project.yml**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Configuring tags in `dbt_project.yml`
```

<File name='dbt_project.yml'>

```yaml
models:
  my_project:
    production:
      +resource_tags:
        my-project-id/environment: production
        my-project-id/data_classification: sensitive
    staging:
      +resource_tags:
        my-project-id/environment: staging
        my-project-id/data_classification: internal
```

</File>

> **Using both dbt tags and BigQuery tags**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Using both dbt tags and BigQuery tags
```
